Remove old sensor class, add tests, polish (#119499)
home-assistant/core: homeassistant/components/tplink/README.md

# TPLink Integration

This document covers details that new contributors may find helpful when getting started.

## Modules vs Features

> The kasa library which this integration depends on exposes functionality via modules and features.
> The `Module` apis encapsulate groups of functionality provided by a device,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The python-kasa library which this integration depends on exposes functionality via modules and features.
The `Module` APIs encapsulate groups of functionality provided by a device,
```

Author: Now done in https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/120025

> e.g. Light which has multiple attributes and methods such as `set_has`, `brightness` etc.

Reviewer: `set_has`?

Author: Now fixed in https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/120025

The `features` encapsulate unitary functions and allow for introspection.
e.g. `on_since`, `voltage` etc.

If the integration implements a platform that presents single functions or data points, such as `sensor`,
`button`, `switch` it uses features.
If it's implementing a platform with more complex functionality like `light`, `fan` or `climate` it will
use modules.

## Dynamic feature creation

> Entities can be dynamically created by inspecting various properties of a feature such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entities are dynamically created by inspecting various properties of a feature such
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/120025

> as `type`, `unit` or `precision`. If more data is needed than the feature provides,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as `type`, `unit` or `precision`.
If more data is needed than the feature provides,
```

Author: Now done in https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/120025

i.e. to set HA `device_class` or `state_class` on a sensor entity, then a static `EntityExtras` entry

> should be created in `const.py`.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we go all-in & require a definition by adding a log entry when encountering a feature that doesn't have an entry?

Author: Now done in https://github.com/home-assistant/core/pull/120025
